Sedon Miss Mch. 5th 1866.

His Excellency Gov. B. G. Humphreys.

I have the honor herwith to hand you Statement of Property and papers belonging to State Distillery taken possession of by me as per instruction from your Excellency—viz All the property necessary to carry on the Distillery as expressed by Vouchers Seems to be on hand, with the exception of (9) nine mules which I learn was forcibly taken by Confederate deserters after or about the time the Confederate Army was Surrendered, and one Still worm, Boiler and Eight Beer tubs which I sold to Maj. Strong, and which was never used by him. I bought it back from Maj. Strong giving Distillery a/c credit with it at the Same price at which I sold it ($250000)

The list of disbursements as shown by Vouchers as per Schedule A amount in the aggregate to $65,635. 76/100  The items will Show for themSelves," the receipt as per Schedule A amount in the aggregate to $63,109. 35/100

Schedule B shows the names of dispensers, to whom Whiskey was Shipped with the number of Barrels and Gallons each received as per their receipt, in my possession, also a list of parties, with whom Whiskey was deposited at or about the time of the Surrender of the Confederate troops, in the aggregate about 21 Barrel;





which I suppose will be properly accounted for by persons who have I on deposit when they render their a/c against the distillery.  Schedule C shows the names of individuals to whom the distillery is indebted for Supplies of corn, provisions, labor & C which according to the best information I can get will amount to about thirty one thousand dollars $31,00000

Schedule D is a list of property taken possession of by me under instructions from Your Excellency.

The original Vouchers and all papers found at the distillery or in possession of Maj. Strong are now in my hands and will bring or Send them to you when you desire it necessary.
I you deem it necessary or expedient I will upon your instructions, call on the creditors of the distillery for their a/c that is provided I am authorized to Settle with them in Some manner or that you think there is a chance of their getting something for their claims ultimately.

The amount of Whiskey Sent off as per Vouchers may Seem to you very Small and no doubt is, and indeed not more than one third or one half at the outside that was manufactured ever found its way from the distillery. But Sir! You will know that it was next to impossible to get any work done with in the Confed-eracy, especially coopering—The Barrels even the best that could be got or, made, and the employees tell me, that half that was made leaked ^out^ and that


was no way to remedy the Evil, There Sir besides that, the Soldiers had to have Some when they passed and if it was refused to them they would press and drink and waste all they could and in Several occassions, the distillery was raided on and no one knows what amount of whiskey was drank and taken off. Tis possible that Maj. Strong knows but I find no memorandum of Such loss.

All of which is respectfully submitted for your Consideration—

Yours Respectfully

J. S. Robinson
Commissioner for the State of Mississippi





J. S. Robinson

Report

Inventory of Distillery—

Sedon


